>> Woodruff: SECRETARY OF STATE
JOHN KERRY WAS IN SOUTH KOREA
TODAY PRESSING THE NORTH NOT TO
CONDUCT ANOTHER MISSILE TEST.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Brown: AND I'M JEFFREY BROWN.
ON THE "NEWSHOUR" TONIGHT, WE
EXAMINE THE MILITARY ALLIANCE
BETWEEN THE U.S. AND SOUTH
KOREA, AMID NEW WORRIES OVER THE
NORTH'S NUCLEAR WEAPONS
CAPABILITIES.
>> Woodruff: THEN, WE GET THE
LATEST FROM VENEZUELA, WHERE
VOTERS ARE PREPARING TO CHOOSE
A SUCCESSOR TO THE LATE
PRESIDENT, HUGO CHAVEZ.
>> Brown: TAXES ARE DUE MONDAY,
THAT'S CERTAIN.
WHAT'S NOT CLEAR ARE PROSPECTS
FOR ANY MEANINGFUL TAX REFORM.
WE DEBATE SOME OPTIONS ON THE
TABLE.
>> Woodruff: HARI SREENIVASAN
HAS THE STORY OF AEREO-- A NEW
INTERNET T.V. SERVICE AND THE
BACKLASH FROM TRADITIONAL
BROADCASTERS.
>> THERES MILLIONS AND
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS THIS IN
THE:S THAT THE BROADCAST
NETWORKS HAVE-- RECEIVE IN
LICENSING FEES FROM CABLE
COMPANIES.
THEY WANT AEREO'S PAY IN THE
SAME WAY.
>> Brown: MARK SHIELDS AND DAVID
BROOKS ANALYZE THE WEEK'S NEWS.
>> Woodruff: AND WE REMEMBER
JONATHAN WINTERS-- THE COMEDIAN
WHO MASTERED IMPROVISATION AND
BROUGHT LAUGHTER TO GENERATIONS
OF FANS.
>> I THINK COMEDY AND WHETHER I
THINK IT'S THE RAREST THING--
I'M SURE OTHERS HOPEFULLY WOULD
AGREE-- THAT LAUGHTER IS
PROBABLY ONE OF THE RAREST
THINGS WE HAVE.
>> Woodruff: THAT'S ALL AHEAD ON
TONIGHT'S "NEWSHOUR."
>> Brown: THE UNEASE OVER NORTH
KOREA'S MILITARY INTENTIONS
TOPPED THE AGENDA TODAY FOR
SECRETARY OF STATE JOHN KERRY.
HE TRAVELED TO THE REGION AND
PUT THE NORTH ON NOTICE: DON'T
GO TOO FAR.
THE SECRETARY OF STATE ARRIVED
IN SEOUL FOR MEETINGS WITH H
KOREA'S NEW PRESIDENT PARK GEUN-
HYE AND HER TOP AIDES.
AND, HE AGAIN WARNED NORTH
KOREA'S YOUNG LEADER KIM JONG-UN
AGAINST ANY NEW MISSILE LAUNCH.
>> IT IS A HUGE MISTAKE FOR HIM
TO CHOOSE TO DO THAT BECAUSE IT
WILL FURTHER ISOLATE HIS COUNTRY
>> Brown: THE NORTH HAS RECENTLY
MOVED AS MANY AS FIVE MEDIUM-
RANGE MISSILES TO ITS EAST
COAST-- MISSILES THAT CAN REACH
AS FAR AWAY AS GUAM.
A POSSIBLE LAUNCH WAS MADE MORE
WORRISOME BY PARTS OF A PENTAGON
REPORT THAT BECAME PUBLIC
YESTERDAY.
AT A HOUSE HEARING, COLORADO
REPUBLICAN DOUG LAMBORN
QUESTIONED JOINT CHIEFS CHAIRMAN
MARTIN DEMPSEY AND READ OUT
FINDINGS BY THE D.I.A., THE U.S.
DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY.
>> D.I.A. ASSESSES WITH MODERATE
CONFIDENCE THAT NORTH KOREA
CURRENTLY HAS NUCLEAR WEAPONS
CAPABLE OF DELIVERY BY BALLISTIC
MISSILES, HOWEVER THE
RELIABILITY WILL BE LOW.
>> AND YOUR QUESTION IS DO I
AGREE WITH THE D.I.A.'S
ASSESSMENT?
>> YES.
>> WELL, I HAVEN'T SEEN IT AND
YOU SAID IT'S NOT PUBLICLY
RELEASED, SO I CHOOSE NOT TO
COMMENT ON IT.
>> Brown: A PENTAGON STATEMENT
LATER PLAYED DOWN THAT
ASSESSMENT SAYING:
AND THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL
INTELLIGENCE JAMES CLAPPER SAID
THE D.I.A. REPORT IS NOT THE
JUDGMENT OF THE OVERALL
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.
BACK IN SEOUL TODAY, SECRETARY
KERRY ALSO REJECTED THE
ANALYSIS.
AND, HE SAID, THE NORTH SHOULD
HAVE NO ILLUSIONS THAT ITS SMALL
NUCLEAR WEAPONS CAPABILITY GIVES
IT WORLD STANDING.
>> WE ARE ALL UNITED IN THE FACT
THAT NORTH KOREA WILL NOT BE
ACCEPTED AS A NUCLEAR POWER.
THE RHETORIC WE ARE HEARING FROM
NORTH KOREA ARE SIMPLY
UNACCEPTABLE, BY ANY STANDARD.
>> Brown: IN TURN, SOUTH KOREA'S
FOREIGN MINISTER STRUCK A FIRM
BUT MODERATE TONE TOWARD THE
NORTH.
>> WE HAVE KEPT TO OUR PRINCIPLE
THAT WE WILL MAINTAIN A STRONG
DETERRENCE AND WILL RESPOND
STRONGLY TO NORTH KOREA'S
PROVOCATIONS.
>> Brown: BUT THREATS FROM THE
NORTH, COUPLED WITH CONCERNS
ABOUT ITS YOUNG, UNTESTED LEADER
HAVE RATCHETED UP TENSIONS.
NEAR THE YALU RIVER BORDER WITH
CHINA TODAY: A NORTH KOREAN
PARATROOPER EXERCISE WAS
CONDUCTED FOR A SECOND DAY.
AT THE SAME TIME:
THE ATMOSPHERE IN PYONGYANG WAS
FESTIVE, WITH PEOPLE PREPARING
TO CELEBRATE THE BIRTH OF KIM IL
SUNG, THE COMMUNIST STATE'S
FOUNDER.
IN AN ODD JUXTAPOSITION, ORCHIDS
WERE BEING TENDED NEAR MODELS OF
BALLISTIC MISSILES.
KIM JONG GUM IS A FLOWER SHOW
GUIDE.
>> (translated): THE SITUATION
IS NOW VERY COMPLICATED BUT
FAMILIES ARE STILL FULL OF
LAUGHTER.
I DON'T KNOW WHETHER THERE WILL
BE A MISSILE LAUNCH TEST, BUT IF
WE DO I THINK IT WILL BE JUST
FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE.
>> Brown: THE U.S. HAS MORE THAN
28,000 TROOPS IN THE SOUTH, AND
HAS MADE RECENT SHOWS OF FORCE--
OVERFLIGHTS BY BOMBERS AND
FIGHTER JETS.
MISSILE DEFENSE AND NAVAL ASSETS
ALSO HAVE MOVED INTO THE REGION.
IN THE EVENT OF ACTUANFLICT,
THE COMBINED FORCES COMMAND
WOULD CARRY OUT THE RESPONSE.
AN AMERICAN GENERAL SITS ATOP
THAT CHAIN OF COMMAND, WITH A
SOUTH KOREAN DEPUTY.
600,000 TROOPS FROM BOTH NATIONS
ARE AT THEIR DISPOSAL.
MARGARET WARNER PICKS UP THE
STORY FROM HERE.
>> Warner: FOR MORE ON THE
PROSPECT OF HOSTILITIES BETWEEN
THE TWO KOREAS, AND THE
IMPLICATIONS, WE TURN TO RETIRED
MARINE LT. GEN. CHIP GREGSON,
FORMER COMMANDER OF U.S. MARINE
FORCES IN THE PACIFIC, AND
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
FOR ASIA IN PRESIDENT OBAMA'S
FIRST TERM.
HE'S NOW WITH THE CENTER FOR THE
NATIONAL INTEREST.
AND PATRICK CRONIN, SENIOR
DIRECTOR OF THE ASIA-PACIFIC
SECURITY PROGRAM AT THE CENTER
FOR A NEW AMERICAN SECURITY.
WELCOME TO YOU BOTH.
PATRICK CRONIN, WHAT DO YOU DIAT
CAME OUT YESTERDAY ABOUT THE
PROSPECT OF NORTH KOREA
HAVING A NUCLEAR WARHEAD
THAT COULD FIT ATOP A
MISSILE.
AND THEN THE ROLLBACK BY THE
HEAD OF THE DIRECTOR OF
NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE AND
THE PENTAGON?
>> WELL, BASED ON THE
EXCERPT OF THE DIA REPORT,
IT SEEMS THAT THE DEFENSE
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY IS
SAYING ITS HE REASONABLE TO
ASSUME THAT NORTH KOREA HAS
OVERCOME THE MAJOR HURDLES
TO MINIATURIZING A WARHEAD
SO IT CAN BE PLACE ADD TOP A
MISSILE.
BUT WE DON'T HAVE EVIDENCE
OF THAT.
WE DON'T HAVE DIRECT
EVIDENCE.
AND SO I THINK THE ROLLBACK,
THE PUSHBACK FROM SECRETARY
KERRY AND OTHERS TODAY IN
SEOUL, WE'RE SAYING NOT SO
FAST.
DON'T MAKE PEOPLE THINK THIS
IS A BLACK AND WHITE ISSUE.
WE'RE MAKING ASUMP SHUNS
BASED ON CIRCUMSTANTIAL
EVIDENCE.
WE HAVEN'T YET SEEN IT
DEMONSTRATED.
AND WE MAY NOT UNTIL THEY
HAVE THAT CAPABILITY AND
THEY TEST IT.
SO THERE IS A REASON TO
ASSUME THE WORST.
>> Warner: GENERAL, ONE
THING AS JEFF'S PIECE MADE
CLEAR, THAT THE U.S. AND
SOUTH KOREA ARE LOOKING AT
VERY INTENTLY IS WHETHER
SOUTH-- NORTH KOREA LAUNCHES
A MISSILE OR MISSILE TEST ON
OR AROUND NEXT MONDAY WHICH
IS THE FOUNDER'S BIRTHDAY.
WHAT ARE THE POSSIBLE RANGES
OF RESPONSES FROM EITHER
SOUTH KOREA OR THE UNITED
STATES IF SUCH A THING
OCCURS?
>> THAT DEPENDS ON THE
CIRCUMSTANCES THAT SURROUND
THE MISSILE LAUNCH.
OBVIOUSLY IF IT'S A SHORT
RANGE MISSILE THAT JUST GOES
A FEW HUNDRED METERS AND
IMPACTS THE WATER, THERE'S
LIKELY NOT MUCH OF A
RESPONSE.
IF IT'S A MISSILE SHOT AT
GREATER DISTANCE AND IT'S
NOT-- IT'S GAUGED OR
ASSESSED TO BE NOT AIMED AT
ANYTHING AS IMPORTANT,
JAPANESE TERRITORIES, SOUTH
KOREA TERRITORY, U.S.
TERRITORY THERE MIGHT BE
OTHER RESPONSES.
IF THERE IS SOMETHING THAT
IS AIMED AT JAPAN OR SOUTH
KOREA, OR GUAM, WE'VE
ALREADY STATED WE'RE GOING
TO SHOOT IT DOWN.
>> Warner: SO WHAT ABOUT THE
PROSPECT, PATRICK CRONIN, OF
A LOWER LEVEL OF HOSTILITIES,
BUT SOME SORT OF STRIKE,
SOME SORT OF ATTACK BY THE
NORTH THAT ENGAGES THE SOUTH.
AT WHAT POINT, I MEAN IS THE
U.S. ALSO OBLIGATED TO
RESPOND MILITARILY?
>> THE UNITED STATES IS
COMMITTED TO THE DEFENSE OF
SOUTH KOREA BY A MUTUAL
SECURITY TREATY.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN IT'S
AUTOMATIC.
BUT THERE IS A LOT OF
AUTOMATIC RESPONSE BUILT
INTO OUR MOIL TEAR TRAINING.
WE HAVE A COMBINED FORCES
COMMAND OF U.S. AND SOUTH
KOREAN FORCES.
THEY TRAIN.
THEY'RE READY TO RESPOND TO
A PROVOCATION.
AND ON TWO OCCASIONS IN 2010
NORTH KOREA USED LETHAL
FORCE AGAINST SOUTH KOREA
AND THERE WAS NO SIGNIFICANT,
SWIFT, DIRECT IMMEDIATE
RESPONSE.
I THINK THIS TIME IT WOULD
BE DIFFERENT IS SO EVEN A
SMALL USE OF LETHAL FORCE F
YOU CAN CALL IT LETHAL FORCE
SMALL, WOULD RECEIVE A
PRETTY DRAMATIC, SWIFT
RESPONSE THIS TIME.
>> Warner: AND WHO FROM?
>> WELL, FROM THE COMBINED
FORCE KOS MANNED.
THAT IS IT COULD BE SOUTH
KOREAN FORCES BUT UNDER THE
LEADERSHIP OF GENERAL
THURMOND WHO IS THE HEAD
COMMANDER, U.S. COMMANDER.
>> Warner: BUT WHO WOULD
MAKE THE POLITICAL AND
MILITARY DECISION IN THAT
CASE?
I MEAN WOULD IT BE, THE
PRESIDENT OF SOUTH KOREA
CAME OUT I THINK THIS WEEK
AND SAID IF THERE IS ANY
PROVOCATION AGAINST SOUTH
KOREA AND ITS PEOPLE, THERE
SHOULD BE A STRONG RESPONSE
IN INITIAL COMBAT WITHOUT
ANY POLITICAL CONSIDERATION.
>> THE NATIONAL LEADERSHIP
OF BOTH COUNTRIES WOULD BE
INVOLVED.
PRESIDENT PARK STATEMENT
SAID THIS THERE SHOULDN'T BE
ANY INTERFERENCE FROM
NATIONAL LEADERS BUT THAT
DOES NOT MEAN THAT THE
NATIONAL LEADERSHIP IS
GIVING UP THEIR COMMAND.
THE NATIONAL LEADERSHIP, THE
ELECTED LEADERSHIP WILL
REMAIN IN COMMAND.
>> Woodruff: BUT IS IT
ULTIMATELY SOUTH KOREA'S
DISCUSSION IF IT'S BEEN
ATTACKED, LET'S SAY THERE IS
SOME SORT OF ATTACK ON A
DISPUTED TERRITORY,
SOMETHING LIKE THAT, AS
HAPPENED IN 2010.
IS IT ULTIMATELY SOUTH
KOREA'S DECISION?
>> SOUTH KOREA WOULD HAVE A
KEY ROLE IN A DECISION, BUT
IT WOULD BE DONE AS AN
ALLIANCE IN CONSULTATION.
>> Warner: DOES THAT ALWAYS
WORK, PATRICK CRONIN, IS
THERE A TENSION BETWEEN WHAT
THE SOUTH KOREANS MIGHT WANT
TO DO AND WHAT THE U.S.
TNKS HIIS PRUDENT.
>> THERE'S A TIGHT ALLIANCE.
IT'S PROFESSIONAL AND
DISCIPLINED.
BUT WE HAVE TO RECOGNIZE
THAT SOUTH KOREA DOES HAVE
SOVEREIGNTY OVER SOUTH
KOREA.
AND THE SOUTH KOREAN FORCES
ARE NOT ALL UNDER THE
COMMAND OF GENERAL THURMOND.
SOME OF THEM ARE UNDER
DIFFERENT COMMAND.
THEY ARE NOT
RESPOND-- SUPPOSED TO
RESPOND BUT WHO IS TO SAY
THAT THEY WOULDN'T IF THERE
HE HAD SAW A LOCAL FROF
CASE.
>> YOU ARE SAYING THE U.S.
WOULD GET SUCKED IN.
>> WELL, WE ARE THERE.
WE'RE THERE TO DETER
CONFLICT.
WE'RE THERE TO TRY TO
PRESERVE PEACE AND FOUND A
DIPLOMATIC PATH FORWARD.
NORTH KOREA IS MAKING THAT
VERY DIFFICULT.
WE ARE THERE TOGETHER.
WE HAVE TO WORK ON THIS
CLOSELY TOGETHER.
GENERAL THURMOND AND HIS
KOREA COUNTERPART, THE
DEPUTY COMMANDER OF THE
COMBINED FORCE KOS MANNED
HAVE LEAD RESPONSIBILITY BUT
IT WILL BE THE PRESIDENT OF
SOUTH KOREA AND THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES WITHOUT HAVE TO MAKE
THE BIG CALL.
>> Warner: AS WE KNOW THERE
HAVE BEEN NO MASSIVE
MOVEMENTS OF FORCES TO THE
BORDER BY THE NORTH KOREANS.
BUT WHAT FORM MIGHT A
PROVOCATIVE STRIKE TAKE?
I MEAN WHAT-- WHAT ARE THE
U.S. AND SOUTH KOREA
PREPARED FOR?
>> THE ADVANTAGE FOR THE
PROVOCATION LIES WITH NORTH
KOREA.
THEY HAVE THE LUXURY OF
STUDYING U.S. AND KOREAN
HABITS, MOVEMENT,
PREPARATIONS, PATTERNS OF
DEPLOYMENTS, ANY NUMBER OF
THINGS.
AND CHOOSING THE MOMENT AND
THE METHOD TO ATTACK.
THE INCIDENTS BEFORE, THE
SINKING OF THE-- .
>> Warner: THE SUBMARINE.
>> THERE IS NO DOUBT THAT
THEY TRACKED THE MOVEMENTS
OF THOSE SHIPS AND THAT THEY
KNEW WHERE THE SHIP WAS
LIKELY TO BE.
THE SHELLING OF-- THAT WAS A
PLANNED PROVOCATION AND IT
WAS DONE IN A MANNER WHEN
THEY JUDGED THAT THE SOUTH
KOREAN WAS NOT BE PREPARED
TO DO IT.
IN THE PAST WE HAVE HAD A
NUMBER OF OTHER PROVOCATIONS.
THE ATTACK ON THE BLUE HOUSE,
THEIR EQUIVALENT OF OUR
WHITE HOUSE.
THE ASSASSINATION OF THE
FIRST PRESIDENT PARK, THE
CURRENT PRESIDENT PARK'S
FATHER.
ANY NUMBER OF THINGS.
SO THEY ARE CAPABLE OF
EGREGIOUS ACTIONS AND
PROVOCATIONS.
AND AS PATRICK MENTIONED,
SOUTH KOREA HAS SOVEREIGNTY.
EVERY NATION HAS GOT THE
RIGHT TO DEFEND ITSELF.
SO SOUTH KOREA HAS EVERY
RIGHT TO REACT QUICKLY IF
SOMETHING LIKE THAT HAPPENS.
WHETHER THEY DEEM IT IN
THEIR JUDGEMENT THE BEST
THING TO DO IS A MATTER OF
THE CIRCUMSTANCES.
>> Warner: AND BRIEF FINAL
WORD FROM YOU, PATRICK
CRONIN WHAT IS THE DANGER OF
ESCALATION.
IF YOU HAD A TIT FOR TAT A
TAXED NORTH SHELLS A
DISPUTED ISLAND.
THE SOUTH SHELLS WHERE THAT
SHOT CAME FROM, DOES IT END
THERE?
>> WELL, ESCALATION IS NOT
LIKELY.
BUT IT'S INCREASINGLY
POSSIBLE.
RISK IS GROWING.
NORTH KOREA IS CLOSING IN ON
THE CAPABILITY OF HAVING
NUCLEAR MISSILES.
THAT MEANS GOVERNMENTS ARE
GOING TO ACT MAYBE WITH MORE
RISK THAN THEY WOULD HAVE
BEFORE.
>> Warner: AND THE U.S. WILL
BE INVOLVED.
ALL RIGHT, PATRICK CRONIN
AND GENERAL GREGSON, THANK
YOU BOTH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Woodruff: STILL TO COME ON
THE "NEWSHOUR": VENEZUELANS HEAD
TO THE POLLS; IDEAS TO SIMPLIFY
THE TAX CODE; A FIGHT, FOR THE
RIGHTS, TO BROADCAST; SHIELDS
AND BROOKS AND WE REMEMBER
COMEDIAN, JONATHAN WINTERS.
BUT FIRST, THE OTHER NEWS OF THE
DAY.
HERE'S KWAME HOLMAN.
>> Holman: THE U.S. IMPOSED
FINANCIAL SANCTIONS AND VISA
BANS TODAY ON 18 RUSSIANS
ACCUSED OF HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES.
THE TREASURY DEPARTMENT MADE
THEIR NAMES PUBLIC UNDER THE NEW
"MAGNITSKY ACT."
IT'S NAMED FOR RUSSIAN LAWYER
SERGEI MAGNITSKY.
HE ACCUSED POLICE OFFICIALS OF
EMBEZZLING STATEUNDS F, AND DIED
IN PRISON, ALLEGEDLY AFTER BEING
BEATEN.
AT THE WHITE HOUSE TODAY,
SPOKESMAN JAY CARNEY SAID MOST
OF THOSE BLACKLISTED ARE LINKED
TO THE CASE.
>> WE WILL USE THE TOOLS IN THE
MAGNITSKY ACT AND OTHER
AVAILABLE LEGAL AUTHORITIES TO
ENSURE THAT PERSONS RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE MALTREATMENT AND DEATH
OF MR. MAGNITSKY ARE BARRED FROM
TRAVELING TO THE UNITED STATES
AND DOING BUSINESS HERE.
>> Holman: IN TURN, RUSSIAN
PRESIDENT VLALDIMIR PUTIN VOWED
TO RETALIATE BY IMPOSING SIMILAR
SANCTIONS ON AMERICANS.
IN IRAQ, A PAIR OF BOMBS AT A
MOSQUE KILLED AT LEAST 11 PEOPLE
AND WOUNDED 30 MORE.
THE ATTACKS HAPPENED IN THE TOWN
OF KANAAN, ABOUT 50 MILES
NORTHEAST OF BAGHDAD.
POLICE SAID THE BOMBS WENT OFF
IN QUICK SUCCESSION JUST AS
MUSLIM WORSHIPERS WERE LEAVING
MIDDAY PRAYERS.
THERE WAS NO IMMEDIATE CLAIM OF
RESPONSIBILITY.
A STRONG SPRING STORM MADE ITS
WAY UP THE EAST COAST TODAY,
LEAVING MORE DESTRUCTION.
ACROSS THE SOUTHEAST, THE SYSTEM
BROUGHT HIGH WINDS THAT BLEW
DOWN TREES AND POWER LINES, AND
HAIL THE SIZE OF GOLF BALLS.
AND FOR MANY PARTS OF THE UPPER
MIDWEST, HEAVY, WET SNOW MADE AN
UNWELCOME REAPPEARANCE, CAUSING
SOME RIVERS TO TOP THEIR BANKS.
THE STORM SYSTEM ALSO SPAWNED
TORNADOES, A DAY EARLIER.
OVERALL, IT WAS BLAMED FOR AT
LEAST THREE DEATHS.
THE FIRST FAMILY RELEASED 2012
INCOME TAX RETURNS TODAY.
PRESIDENT AND MRS. OBAMA
REPORTED AN INCOME OF NEARLY
$609,000.
THAT'S DOWN FROM $5.5 MILLION IN
2009, THEIR FIRST YEAR IN THE
WHITE HOUSE.
THE OBAMAS PAID FEDERAL TAXES OF
MORE THAN $112,000 LAST YEAR FOR
AN EFFECTIVE TAX RATE OF JUST
MORE THAN 18%.
THEY ALSO DONATED MORE THAN
$150,000 TO CHARITY.
CONGRESS HAS KILLED A MANDATE
THAT CONGRESSIONAL STAFFERS AND
EXECUTIVE BRANCH EMPLOYEES POST
THEIR FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE FORMS
ONLINE.
THE REQUIREMENT, UNDER THE
"STOCK ACT," WAS TO TAKE EFFECT
ON MONDAY.
REPEAL PASSED THE HOUSE AND
SENATE TODAY WITHOUT DEBATE.
ON WALL STREET, THE DOW JONES
INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE LOST A
FRACTION OF A POINT TO CLOSE AT
14,865.
THE NASDAQ FELL FIVE POINTS TO
CLOSE UNDER 3,295.
FOR THE WEEK, BOTH THE DOW AND
THE NASDAQ GAINED MORE THAN 2%.
THOSE ARE SOME OF THE DAY'S
MAJOR STORIES.
NOW, BACK TO JUDY.
>> Woodruff: AND WE TURN NOW TO
VENEZUELA.
ON SUNDAY, VOTERS IN THE LATIN
AMERICAN NATION WILL HEAD TO THE
POLLS TO ELECT A NEW PRESIDENT.
HOWEVER, THE LEGACY OF THE
COUNTRY'S FORMER LEADER, WHO
RULED FOR 14 YEARS, STILL LOOMS
LARGE.
VENEZUELA'S LONGTIME LEADER HUGO
CHAVEZ HAS BEEN DEAD MORE THAN A
MONTH, BUT HE IS HARDLY
FORGOTTEN.
DAILY, VISITORS VIEW HIS STONE
COFFIN AT HIS FINAL RESTING
PLACE-- A MOUNTAINTOP ARMY
BARRACKS IN CARACAS.
>> (translated): FOR US, HE IS
NOT DEAD.
HE IS HERE.
WE SAY THAT HE ROSE, THAT HIS
SPIRIT IS ACCOMPANYING US LIKE
BOLIVAR'S AND THAT HE'S GOING TO
BE PRESENT IN THIS STRUGGLE.
>> Woodruff: THIS STRUGGLE IS
SUNDAY'S ELECTION, PITTING
ACTING PRESIDENT AND CHAVEZ'
CHOSEN SUCCESSOR NICOLAS MADURO
AGAINST OPPOSITION LEADER
HENRIQUE CAPRILES, WHO WAS
ROUNDLY DEFEATED BY CHAVEZ JUST
SIX MONTHS AGO.
TO NO ONE'S SURPRISE, THE
CONTEST QUICKLY TURNED UGLY.
>> (translated): CONCEITED,
CONCEITED,OURG BEOIS, BOURGEOIS,
CAPRILESANTS W TO BE PRESIDENT
OF THE REPUBLIC.
>> (translated): THE WORST
THING THAT COULD HAPPEN IS THAT
NICOLAS MADURO WOULD WIN, THAT
HE WOULD CONTINUE TO SINK
VENEZUELA.
>> Woodruff: FOR THE U.S., THE
RACE COULD HOLD PROFOUND
IMPLICATIONS FOR RELATIONS WITH
A MAJOR OIL SUPPLIER AND, A
COUNTRY THAT CHAVEZ TRANSFORMED
INTO A SOCIALIST ALLY OF CUBA'S
FIDEL CASTRO.
EARLIER THIS WEEK THE RECLUSIVE
CASTRO PAID A MUSICAL TRIBUTE TO
CHAVEZ, NO DOUBT BECAUSE
CAPRILES HAS VOWED TO TURN OFF
THE FLOW OF SUBSIDIZED OIL TO
THE COMMUNIST COUNTRY SO
MADURO HAS SERVED AS HEAD OF
STATE SINCE DECEMBER, WHEN
CHAVEZ FLEW TO CUBA FOR CANCER
TREATMENT.
THE 50-YEAR-OLD FORMER BUS
DRIVER ROUTINELY INVOKES
CHAVEZ'S NAME-- HERE, DESCRIBING
AN UNUSUAL ENCOUNTER WITH A BIRD
DURING A VISIT TO CHAVEZ'S
BOYHOOD HOME.
>> (translated): THE BIRD
LOOKED AT ME STRANGELY, WHISTLED
A LITTLE, CIRCLED ME AND LEFT.
I FELT HIS SPIRIT OF CHAVEZ, I
FELT AS THOUGH HE GAVE US A
BLESSING, TELLING US TODAY THE
BATTLE STARTS, GO TO VICTORY, WE
HAVE OUR BLESSINGS; THAT'S HOW I
FELT.
>> Woodruff: WHAT'S MORE, MADURO
HAS AT HIS DISPOSAL THE SWEEPING
POWER THAT CHAVEZ CONSOLIDATED
IN THE PRESIDENCY DURING HIS 14
YEARS IN OFFICE.
THAT INCLUDES BROAD CONTROL OF
THE MEDIA, WITH ITS FREQUENT
INVOCATIONS OF CHAVEZ, INCLUDING
THIS CARTOON SHOWING THE LEADER
WELCOMED IN HEAVEN BY VARIOUS
LATIN AMERICAN REVOLUTIONARIES,
AND HIS GRANDMOTHER.
MADURO ALSO HAS ACCESS TO THE
DEEP POCKETS OF THE STATE-RUN
OIL COMPANY.
MEANWHILE, CAPRILES IS THE 40-
YEAR-OLD GOVERNOR OF MIRANDA,
ONE OF VENEZUELA'S MOST
IMPORTANT STATES.
>> (translated): NICOLAS
MADURO ISN'T CHAVEZ!
CAPRILES IS THE GUARANTEE THAT
THE COUNTRY WILL GET AHEAD.
I AM NOT THE OPPOSITION; I AM
THE SOLUTION.
>> Woodruff: CAPRILES HAS NEARLY
GONE HOARSE AS HE'S CAMPAIGNED
TIRELESSLY, CRISS-CROSSING THE
COUNTRY TO MEET WITH BOTH URBAN
AND RURAL CONSTITUENTS.
AND DESPITE THE ODDS, HE'S AGAIN
GENERATG COINNSIDERABLE SUPPORT.
>> (translated): CAPRILES HAS
DONE EVERYTHING.
THERE IS EDUCATION, THERE IS
CULTURE, THERE IS A FUTURE FOR
THE FREEDOM OF VENEZUELA.
>> (translated): AND BECAUSE
WE DON'T WANT MORE CRIME, MORE
PROBLEMS, MORE AGGRESSIVENESS
AND NO MORE VIOLENCE.
WE WANT PEACE.
>> Woodruff: STILL, LATE POLLS
SHOW CAPRILES TRAILING MADURO BY
AS MUCH AS TEN POINTS.
WHOEVER WINS WILL CONFRONT A
RAFT OF PROBLEMS, INCLUDING SKY-
HIGH INFLATION AND ONGOING
SCARCITY OF BASIC GOODS.
>> (translated): WE LACK
SUGAR, MILK, CHICKEN, BREAD,
FLOUR AND MEAT.
>> Woodruff: THERE'S ALSO THE
COUNTRY'S CRUMBLING
INFRASTRUCTURE AND HIGH RATE OF
DRUG-RELATED VIOLENCE.
>> (translated): I HAVE BEEN
ATTACKED WITH PISTOLS SEVEN
TIMES AND I'M HERE.
I AM ALIVE BY CHANCE, THANKS TO
GOD.
ONE IS FORCED TO LIVE LOCKED UP.
>> Woodruff: AS ELECTION DAY
APPROACHES, BOTH CANDIDATES HAVE
EXPRESSED FEARS OF CAMPAIGN-
RELATED VIOLENCE.
>> (translated): WE HAVE
CAPTURED SEVERAL COLOMBIAN
PARAMILITARIES WEARING
VENEZUELAN UNIFORMS THAT CAME TO
KILL HERE IN VENEZUELA.
WE ARE DISMANTLING A RIGHT-WING
PLAN FOR VIOLENCE.
>> (translated): MAY WE NEVER
TAKE A STEP BACKWARD.
WE MUST ALWAYS MOVE FORWARD.
MAY WE NEVER FEEL HATE.
MAY VENEZUELA NEVER IN MY
LIFETIME HAVE A CONFRONTATION
BETWEEN BROTHERS.
>> Woodruff: EARLIER THIS WEEK
SEVERAL STUDENTS WERE INJURED
AFTER FIGHTING BROKE OUT BETWEEN
GOVERNMENT SUPPORTERS AND THE
OPPOSITION.
THE VENEZUELAN MILITARY, WHILE
SEEN AS PRO-MADURO, HAS VOWED TO
ENFORCE SECURITY ONCE THE
ELECTION RESULTS ARE KNOWN.
WE ASKED FOUR LATIN AMERICA
ANALYSTS TO WEIGH IN ON THE
FUTURE OF CHAVEZ'S POLITICAL
IDEOLOGY, CHAVISMO.
FIND THAT ON OUR WORLD PAGE.
>> Brown: YES, TAXES ARE DUE ON
MONDAY.
AND YES, ONCE AGAIN, TAX REFORM
IS IN THE AIR.
IT'S BEEN MORE THAN A QUARTER
CENTURY SINCE THE LAST OVERHAUL
AND NOW PRESIDENT OBAMA AND KEY
LEADERS IN BOTH PARTIES SAY
THEY'D LIKE TO WORK ON
SIMPLIFYING THE TAX CODE, BUT IF
THE PAST IS A GUIDE, THAT IT'S
MUCH EASIER SAID THAN DONE.
THIS WEEK THE PRESIDENT BROUGHT
BACK SOME  HISOF LONG-STANDING
PROPOSALS AS PART OF HIS BUDGET.
THEY INCLUDE CAPPING ITEMIZED
DEDUCTIONS AND EXEMPTIONS, SUCH
AS THE MORTGAGE INTEREST AND
CHARITABLE DEDUCTIONS, FOR
WEALTHIER HOUSEHOLDS EARNING
$250,000 OR MORE; TAX INCREASES
ON THE FOREIGN EARNINGS OF
AMERICAN COMPANIES AND A RISE IN
TAXES TO AT LEAST 30% FOR
INDIVIDUALS EARNING A MILLION
DOLLARS OR MORE.
WE TAKE A LOOK AT ALL OF THIS
NOW WITH DAVID CAY JOHNSTON, A
COLUMNIST FOR TAX ANALYSTS
MAGAZINE AND PROFESSOR OF LAW AT
SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY COLLEGE OF
LAW.
AND DOUGLAS HOLTZ-EAKIN, AN
ECONOMIST AND AND PRESIDENT OF
THE AMERICAN ACTION FORUM.
DAVID KAY JOHNSTON, LET ME
START WITH YOU, START WITH
PERSONAL TAXES THAT MANY
PEOPLE FACE A DEADLINE ON.
TALK ABOUT POSSIBLE FORMS,
WHAT IS THE BIG PROBLEM WITH
THE SYSTEM RIGHT NOW.
>> WELL, FOR MOST PEOPLE IT
IS THAT THEY SHOULD NOT HAVE
TO FILE.
THE GOVERNMENT HAS ALL THE
INFORMATION IT NEEDS FOR
PEOPLE WHO ONLY GET INCOME
FROM WAGES OR PENSIONS.
AND SO IF WE EXCLUDED A
SMALL AMOUNT OF MONEY FROM
DIVIDENDS AND INTEREST,
WHICH WE DID DO IN THE 1970s
WE COULD ELIMINATE TAX
FILING FOR ABOUT 100 MILLION
OF THE 140 MILLION PEOPLE.
SO THAT IS AT THE BOTTOM EN.
AT THE TOP END WE ALLOW
PEOPLE TO MAKE UNLIMITED
AMOUNTS OF MONEY AND NOT PAY
TAXES ON THEM IF THEY RUN
HEDGE FUNDS OR EXECUTIVES.
THEY CAN DEFER THE TAXES
INTO THE FUTURE, SOMETIMES
DECADES INTO THE FUTURE.
AND THEY CAN BORROW IN MANY
CASES AGAINST THIS MONEY TO
LIVE ON AND NOT PAY TAXES
FOR A LONG TIME.
>> Brown: FIRST RESPOND TO
THAT, DOES THAT SOUND LOOK A
GOOD WISH LIST.
>> THAT'S A GOOD STARTING
POINT OF THE NUMBER ONE
THING I PUT ON THAT LIST IS
PERCEIVED FAIRNESSN I TAX
CUTS.
>> Brown: PERCEIVED FAIRNESS
WITH THE THE U.S. RELIED ON
VOLUNTARY KPLEENS AND HAS BY
WORLD STANDARDS A GOOD TAX
CODE THAT PEOPLE COMPLY
WITH.
IF YOU LOSE FAITH IN THE
FAIRNESS OF THE TAX CODE
PEOPLE DON'T COMPLY, YOU
START TO HAVE BIG PROBLEMS.
>> Brown: WHY HAVE PEOPLE
LOST FAITH.
>> THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW
THE TAX CODE WORKS AM I
THINK TO BEGIN THE
DISCUSSION ON TAX REFORM YOU
SHOULDN'T TALK ABOUT WHAT WE
ARE GOING TO GO GET, THE
MONEYGRUBBING APPROACH TO
TAX REFORMING, I'M GOING TO
GET THAT DEDUCTION, THAT AND
GET THEIR MONEY.
WE KNOW TAX IS SUPPOSED TO
RAISE REVENUE BUT WHAT ELSE
DO WE WANT IT TO DO.
DO WE WANT IT TO SUPPORT
GROWTH.
DO WE WANT IT TO HIT SOME
FAIRNESS OBJECTIVES, SOCIAL
OBJECTIVES, LIKE OWNING A
HOME, GOING TO COLLEGE.
SUDDEN HAD IT BE REALLY
SIMPLE, EASY TO COMPLY WITH.
FIGURE OUT WHAT THE TAX CODE
SHOULD MEAN SO IT MEANS
SOMETHING AND PEOPLE CAN SEE
IT DOING ITS JOB.
>> Brown: SO DAVID KAY
JOHNSTON, WHY DOESN'T THAT
HAPPEN?
>> WELL, BECAUSE WE HAVE ALL
THESE INTERESTS OUT THERE
PROMOTING THIS OR THAT.
WE HAVE DRICHB UP THE COST
OF HOUSING, FOR EXAMPLE,
THROUGH THE MORTGAGE
INTEREST DEDUCTION WHICH IS
AN UPSIDE DOWN DEDUCTION.
THE MORE MONEY YOU MAKE, THE
BIGGER THE SUBSIDY YOU GET.
AND YOU HAVE A WHOLE
INDUSTRY THAT WANTS TO
SUPPORT THAT.
AND I THINK DOUG IS EXACTLY
RIGHT.
WE HAVE TO TALK ABOUT WHAT
IS IT WE WANT OUT OF THE TAX
CODE, WHAT SOCIAL BENEFITS
IF ANY DO WE WANT, AND HOW
DO WE RAISE SUFFICIENT
REVENUE.
WE'RE RAISING PER CAPITA
ADJUSTED FOR INFLATION, WE
ARE TAKING IN ABOUT 35% LESS
IN THE INCOME TAX SYSTEM
THAN WE WERE IN 2000.
>> Brown: WELL, THE
REPUBLICANS TALK ABOUT LOWER
OG RATES BUT BROADENING THE
BASE OR WIDENING THE BASE.
>> SURE.
>> Brown: HOW DO YOU DO THAT
FITTING INTO WHAT WE ARE
TALKING ABOUT, SIMPLIFYING
AND MAKING PEOPLE TRUST THE
SYSTEM?
>> THAT'S THE CONVENTIONAL
DEFINITION OF TAX REFORM.
LOWER RATE, BROADEN THE
BASE.
HAVE THAT BASE BE THE THINGS
WE AGREE SHOULD BE TAXED.
AND HAVE THE THINGS LEFT OUT
OF THE BASE BE THE THINGS,
CHARITIES OR WHATEVER IT MAY
BE, THAT WE AGREE SHOULD BE
EXEMPT FROM TAX.
SO THAT'S THE RECIPE.
WE'VE SEEN BIPARTISAN
EFFORTS THAT DO THAT.
BOWLES SIMPSON, LOWER RATE,
BROADER-BASED RATE, A LOT
MORE MONEY, MORE THAN JUST
THE CURRENT AMOUNT.
I THINK THE REAL OUTLIAR HAS
BEEN IN THIS
ADMINISTRATION'S DESIRE TO
HAVE A BROADER BASE AND
HIGHER RATES.
AND THAT'S NO ONE'S
CONVENTIONAL DEFINITION OF
TAX REFORM.
THE QUESTION IS WHETHER YOU
CAN GET EVERYBODY TO SIGN ON
TO THAT.
>> Brown: YOU WANT TO
RESPOND TO THAT DAVID?
>> WELL, I THINK WE CAN
JUSTIFY HIGHER RATES WAY UP.
YOU KNOW, WE TALK ABOUT THIS
AS A QUARTER MILLION DOLLAR
THRESHOLD.
WE HAVE PEOPLE IN THIS
COUNTRY WHO MAKE A MILLION,
3 MILLION DOLLARS A DAY AND
THEY'RE TAXED AT THE SAME
RATE AS PEOPLE WHO ARE IN
THE QUARTER MILLION, HALF
MILLION DOLLAR RATE.
-- INCOME LEVEL.
AND I THINK WE NEED TO
RECOGNIZE THAT THE SYSTEM
DOESN'T CAPTURE PEOPLE AT
THE VERY, VERY TOP.
THE BUSH ADMINISTRATION,
2005 ACKNOWLEDGED, THEY SAID
WE MADE THE SYSTEM MORE
PROESSIGRVE UP TO THE 99.9%
LEVEL.
WELL, THE TOP TEN% MAKE
ALMOST AS MUCH AS THE BOTTOM
HALF OF AMERICANS.
WE SHOULD FOCUS A LOT ON
THEM.
BUT WE ALSO WANT TOED BRO
ENTHE BASE.
I AGREE ENTIRELY WITH THAT.
AND I THINK WE SHOULD TRY TO
GET RATES AS LOW AS WE CAN
TO BRING IN THE NECESSARY
REVENUES.
>> SO I THINK DAVID CAY,
THIS IS EXACTLY THE
DISCUSSION I WOULD LOVE TO
HAVE ON CAPITOL HILL.
HE IS SAYING WE NEED TO
RAISE THE REVENUE.
TAXES HAVE TO PATE BILLS OF
THE GOVERNMENT.
THAT IS THE MAIN JOB.
AND THEY SHOULD BE FAIR.
WE'RE GOING TO TRY AND GET,
AND MAKE SURE THE UPPER-END
PAYS TAXES BECAUSE THE MONEY
THERE, THAT'S A SET OF
PRIORITIES.
THAT TELLS YOU WHAT A TAX
CODE LOOKS LIKE IN
MR. JOHNSTON'S MIND.
AT THIS POINT IN TIME I
THINK A FAIR ARGUMENT CAN BE
MADE THAT THE SECOND
PRIORITY, THE ONE-- SHOULD
SAY LET'S GROW MORE RAPED.
WE HAVE VERY HIGH
UNEMPLOYMENT.
IT'S BEEN AROUND A LONG TIME,
GROWING AT RATES PEOPLE
DON'T LIKE SO YOU'RE GOING
HEAR VOICES THAT SAY OKAY, I
UNDERSTAND THAT.
BUT IN THE LIST OF THINGS,
WHEN YOU CAN'T DO ANYTHING
ANYTHING,-- THAT EFFECTS
INDIVIDUALS BUT ALSO AFFECTS
ALL THOSE SMALL BUSINESSES
THAT ARE TAXED AS
INDIVIDUALS AND AFFECTS THE
CORPORATE CODE.
SO THE TAX REFORM DEBATE
GETS SHAPED BY WHAT YOUR
OBJECTIVES ARE IN A DEEP
WAY.
>> SPEAKING OF THE CORPORATE
CODE, DAVID CAY JOHNSTON, I
KNOW IT'S A BIG ISSUE FOUR.
BRIEFLY, TELL US WHAT THE
PROBLEM IS.
>> WELL, JUST 2600 OF THE 6
MILLION CORPORATIONS IN
AMERICA OWN 80% OF THE
ASSETS.
AND UNDER A 1986 LAW THEY
CAN BUILD UP UNLIMITED
AMOUNTS OF CASH OFFSHORE.
AND THEY'RE ALLOWED TO
SIPHON PROFITS EARNED IN THE
UNITED STATES OUT OF THE
COUNTRY AS EXPENSES.
THEY PAY THEMSELVES TO THEIR
FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES FOR THE
USE OF PATENTS.
AND INTELLECTUAL PROPEIESRT
THAT THEY OWN.
THIS IS DAMAGING OUR
ECONOMY.
IT'S ENCOURAGING COMPANIES
TO INVEST ELSEWHERE.
AND OUR RATE IS TOO HIGH
GIVEN THAT THE REST OF THE
WORLD HAS LOWERED THEIR
RATES.
SO BUT THE WORST THING WE
COULD V I THINK JEFF, WOULD
BE TO LOWER THE RATE AND NOT
FIX THESE FUNDAMENTAL
PROBLEMS THAT ALLOW
COMPANIES TO-- THE SYSTEM.
>> Brown: YOU'RE AGREEING
WITH AT LEAST PART OF THAT.
>> CERTAINLY.
I THINK WE HAVE A CORPORATE
TAX CODE THAT HITS THE WORST
OF ALL WORLDS.
IT'S NOT HELPING US COMPETE.
IT'S NOT HELPING US GROW AND
IT RAISES NO REVENUE.
>> Brown: AND THE REASON FOR
THIS IS AGAIN GOING BACK TO
WHAT YOU WERE SAYING BEFORE,
THE INTEREST.
>> IN PART THESE
INTERNATIONAL TRANSACTIONS.
SO IF YOU THINK ABOUT WHERE
YOU COULD GET BIPARTISAN
CONSENSUS, I THINK YOU COULD
GET IT ON, LET'S GET THE
RATE DOWN TO 25%, OR IS IT
TOO HIGH.
LET'S DO IT IS A IN A
REVENUE NEUTRAL FASHION.
LET'S NOT HAVE INDIVIDUALS
HAVE TO PAY FOR CORPORATE
REFORM.
LET'S MAKE THE CORPORATIONS
DO THEIR OWN REFORM.
AND THEN YOU GET TO THE
TOUGH PART, HOW DO YOU WANT
TO HANDLE THE INTERNATIONAL
TRANSACTION.
I THINK THE SOLUTION TO THAT
SLETS'S HAVE A TAX CODE THAT
MATCHES THE REST OF THE
DEVELOPED WORLD AND TAX
COMPANIES LARGELY ON WHAT
THEY DO IN THE U.S. LEAVING
THEIR BRAZILIAN OPERATIONS
TO BE TAXED BY BRAZIL.
AND THEN PAIR THAT, BEFORE
MR. JOHNSTON STEPS IN WITH A
SET OF GEEKY RULES CALLED
BASED EROSIONAL THAT HE WILL
NEVER GET TO WRITE ANOTHER
BOOK ON INTERNATIONAL
TAX-- .
>> Brown: I'M NOT GOING TO
LET HIM.
WE'RE GOING TO END THE
DISCUSSION BUT WE'RE GOING
TO WATCH CARE FLOE TO SEE IF
THIS CONTINUES ON CAPITOL
HILL AS YOU SUGGESTED.
DOUGLAS HOLTZ-EAKIN, DAVID
CAY JOHNSTON, THANKS VERY
MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Woodruff: NOW, WE LOOK AT NEW
EFFORTS TO BRING TELEVISION
ONLINE IN A WAY THAT COULD ALTER
THE BROADCAST LANDSCAPE.
IT'S ABOUT A COMPANY CALLED
AEREO, WHICH PICKS UP FREE
SIGNALS FROM LOCAL T.V. STATIONS
AND STREAMS THEM FOR A SMALL
FEE.
SOME BROADCASTERS, INCLUDING
FOX, UNIVISION, NBC-UNIVERSAL,
CBS, AND PBS SUED, ACCUSING
AEREO OF COPYRIGHT VIOLATIONS.
A FEDERAL COURT OF APPEALS
RECENTLY RULED AEREO COULD
PROVIDE NETWORK SHOWS.
THIS WEEK, FOX AND UNIVISION
FIRED A WARNING SHOT IN
RESPONSE, SUGGESTING THEY MAY
ONE DAY PROVIDE TELEVISION
PROGRAMMING ONLY THROUGH CABLE.
HARI SREENIVASAN SAT DOWN WITH
CECILIA KANG OF THE "WASHINGTON
POST" ON THE POTENTIAL IMPACT.
NESS WE'RE JOINED BY CECILIA
KING OF "THE WASHINGTON
POST".
LET'S FLESH OUT WHAT AEREO
IS TRYING TO DO.
>> WHAT AEREO IN THE
SIMPLEST FORM DOES IS IT
TAKES BROADCAST TV NETWORK
TV AND IT BRINGS IT TO THE
INTERNET.
AND IT BRINGS IT TO YOUR
INTERNET ENABLED DEVICES,
YOUR SMART PHONE, YOUR
TABLET, YOUR COMPUTER OR
INTERNET TV.
AND IT DOES THAT BY
CAPTURING PUBLIC BROADCAST
SHOWS LIKE PBS, NBC SHOWS,
ABC, CBS, UNIVISION, FROM
THE PUBLIC AIRWAVES AND IT
CAPTURES THOSE SIGNALS
THROUGH THOUSANDS OF TINY
ANTENNAS.
AND THEN A CONSUME KERR
CHOOSE TO PICK AND CHOOSE
FROM A MENU OF OPTIONS ANY
SHOW THEY WANT TO WATCH ON
NETWORK TV ON ANY OF THESE
DEVICES.
SO IT BRINGS TV TO THE
INTERNET, BASICALLY.
>> SO ALL THESE BROADCASTERS,
INCLUDING PBS WENT TO COURT
AND SAID THIS IS COPYRIGHT
INFRINGEMENT.
AND THE JUDGES DISAGREED.
>> THE JUDGES DID DISAGREE.
AND IT WAS A REALLY
IMPORTANT CASE THAT EVERYONE
IN THE TV INDUSTRY IS
WATCHING.
IN THAT WHAT THE
BROADCASTERS ARE SAYING IS
THAT AEREO SEEMS TO BE KIND
OF LOOK AND FEEL JUST LIKE A
CABLE TELEVISION PROVIDER.
IF YOU LOOK AT ITS MENU, IT
ACTUALLY LOOKS A LOT LIKE
YOUR COMCAST MENU OF OPTIONS,
THAT THEY PROVIDE.
BUT WHAT THE JUDGES DECIDED,
AND WHAT AEREO HAS ARGUED IS
THAT THEY ARE NOT.
WHAT THEY ESSENTIALLY DO IS
THEY JUST PROVIDE THOUSANDS
OF TINY ANTENNAS THAT ALLOW
INDIVIDUALS TO PULL CONTENT
THAT'S ALREADY ON THE PUBLIC
AIRWAVES.
AND THEY ESSENTIALLY ACT NO
DIFFERENT THAN A DVR.
AND A DVR SERVICE IS
ACTUALLY DEEMED LEGAL.
SO THE JUDGES AGREE WITH
AEREO IN A VERY TECHNICALLY
COMPLICATED CASE THAT HAS
BIG IMPLICATIONS FROM THE
BROADCAST INDUSTRY.
>> SO HOW MUCH MONEY ARE WE
TALKING ABOUT?
OBVIOUSLY THE BROADCASTERS
ARE KIND OF CONCERNED ABOUT
THIS BECAUSE IT COULD
COMPROMISE ME OSOF THE MONEY
THEY MAKE FROM CABLE
COMPANIES THAT PAY THEM FOR
THE SAME SIGNAL.
>> -- THERE ARE MILLIONS OF
DOLLARS IN CONTRACTS THAT
THE BROADCASTS HAVE THAT
RECEIVE IN LICENSING FEES
FROM CABLE COMPANIES.
THEY WANT AEREO TO PAY IN
THE SAME WAY.
SO THIS IS MILLIONS AND
MILLIONS.
AND THIS IS AN INDIVIDUAL
CONTRACT THAT THEY ARE
LOSING OUT ON IN THEIR MIND.
AT THE SAME TIME, THEY SAY
THAT THEY BELIEVE THAT
THEY'RE LOSING OUT ON THAT
PEOPLE SKIP THROUGH THE
ADVERTISEMENTS WHEN THEY SEE
THEY'RE NETWORK PROGRAMS ON
THE AEREO SERVICE.
AEREO DOES ACTUALLY AIR ALL
THE ADVERTISEMENTS JUST AS
THE NETWORK WAS PROVIDE.
SO THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT
LOSS OF REVENUE IN
ADVERTISING, AS WELL AS
LICENSING FEES WHICH ARE
KNOWN AS RETRANSMISSION
FEES.
SO ONE OF THE EXECUTIVES AT
FOX NEWS SAID OR I SHOULD
SAY FOX OVERALL SAID MAYBE
IF THIS SUCCEEDS WE'RE GOING
TO TAKE OURSELVES OFF THE
PLIK AIRWAVES AND PUT
OURSELVES-- WOULD OTHER
CONTENT PROVIDERS FOLLOW
SUIT?
>> IT WAS A PRETTY AUDACIOUS
SUIT IT WAS THIS WEEK WHERE
THE PRESIDENT OF FOX DID SAY
THAT AND OTHER NETWORKS HAVE
ALSO VOICED SUPPORT.
CBS HAS ALSO SAID THAT THEY
SIM PATH IDENTIFIES WITH
FOX'S POSITION.
UNIVISION, SO THAT THEY
WOULD DO POTENTIALLY THE
SAME THING.
SO THERE'S A LOT.
NBC THERE IS SPECULATION
THAT NBC MIGHT BE INTERESTED
IN THE SAME THING.
THERE'S SPECULATION, ALSO,
THERE IS SORT OF-- SOME
PEOPLE THINK THAT THIS MIGHT
BE A BUSINESS NEGOTIATION
TACTICS, SORT OF JUST A
THREAT THAT MAY NOT BE
REALLY IN EARNEST.
BUT THE SAME TIME IT'S A
HUGELY AUDACIOUS AND VERY
INTERESTING IDEA TO GO
COMPLETELY BEHIND A PAY WALL,
IF YOU WILL, TO GO FROM FREE
OVER THE AIR TO CAME ONLY.
AND THERE'S 54 MILLION
AMERICANS WHO RELY ONLY ON
STILL BROADCAST OVER THE AIR,
OVER THE AIR.
AND THAT 54 MILLION WHO
WOULD LOSE OUT ON TELEVISION
PROGRAMMING.
>> SO THAT'S OBVIOUSLY THE
MARKET THAT AEREO WANTS TO
GO AFTER.
THEY SEE THAT IS POSSIBLY
MONEY.
HOW DISRUPTIVE IS THIS
TECHNOLOGY AND WHAT IS MAYBE
A PARALLEL ANALOGY.
IS WHAT AEREO DOING TO TV
SIMILAR TO WHAT VOICE OVER
TV WAS TO TELECOM COMPANIES.
HOW DO WE KEEP THIS IN
PERSPECTIVE?
>> SURE.
WELL, I THINK BIG PICTURE,
THE INTERNET IS DISRUPTING
EVERY SINGLE INDUSTRY, MY
INDUSTRY, THE NEWSPAPER
INDUSTRY, THE BROADCASTING
INDUSTRY, ENTERTAINMENT,
MUSIC, ET CETERA.
BUT IT IS VERY DISRESULTIVE
IN THE SENSE THAT IT
PROVIDES CONSUMERS SOMETHING
THAT THEY WANT INCREASINGLY.
WHICH IS ON THE GO, ON
DEMAND ENTERTAINMENT AND
INFORMATION, AND MUCH MORE
CONTROL OVER WHAT THEY CAN
SEE AND GET AND HEAR.
AND SO THEY WANT TO,
WHEREVER THEY ARE, ON THEIR
SMART PHONE BE ABLE TO WATCH
THE SHOWS THEY WANT TO SEE,
LIVE TV, LIVE SPORTS, LIVE
NEWS.
RECORD IT.
THEY WANT CONTROL.
AND CONSUMER DEMAND IS
REALLY WHAT'S DRIVING THESE
BUSINESSES, THESE NEW
BUSINESSES TO MERGE LIKE
AEREO.
SO IT IS VERY DISRUPTIVE FOR
THE TRADITIONAL BROADCAST
INDUSTRY.
BUT NOT ONLY THAT, IT'S VERY
DISRUPTIVE FOR CONSUMERS
BECAUSE IT PROVIDES
CONSUMERS DISRUPTIVE IN SORT
OF A POSITIVE SENSE, IF YOU
WILL, IN THAT IT GIVES
CONSUMERS THE KIND OF
OPTIONS THAT THEY ARE
INCREASINGLY YEARNING FOR.
THEY WANT TO BE ABLE TO PICK
AND CHOOSE WHAT CONTENT THEY
GET ON TV AS OPPOSED TO
BEING FORCED CABLE BUNDLES
OF 100 CHANNELS, FOR EXAMPLE,
WHICH INCREASINGLY --
>> SO WHAT'S NEXT FOR AEREO,
LAWSUITS, EXPANSION?
>> BOTH.
>> AEREO PLANS TO CONTINUE
TO EXPAND, TO 22 CITIES
INCLUDING WASHINGTON D.C.
AND IT WILL CONTINUE TO DO
SO AS LONG AS THE COURTS
DON'T STOP THEM.
BUT THE NETWORK BROADCASTERS
ARE CONTINUING THEIR FIGHT
IN THE COURT.
SO THEY WILL TAKE THIS T
THEIR CASE INTO THE COURTS
CONTINUALLY.
AND THEY WILL PROBABLY ALSO
TAKE THIS TO THE HILL, TO
REALLY TRY TO GET LAWMAKERS
TO RELOOK AT, REDEFINING
WHERE AEREO FITS IN THE
SPACE OF COMMUNICATIONS LAW.
AND WHETHER THERE NEEDS TO
BE NEW DEFINITIONS FOR
INTERNET, ON-LINE SERVICE
PROVIDERSES.
>> ALL RIGHT, CECILIA, FROM
THE WASHINGTON POST, THANKS
SO MUCH.
>> Woodruff: AND TO THE ANALYSIS
OF SHIELDS AND BROOKS.
SYNDICATED COLUMNIST MARK
SHIELDS AND "NEW YORK TIMES"
COLUMNIST DAVID BROOKS.
>> Woodruff: WELCOME,
GENTLEMEN.
>> JUDY.
>> Woodruff: SO LET'S START
WITH GUN CONTROL.
DAVID, THE SENATE IS GOING
TO LET THERE BE A DEBATE AND
LET THERE BE A VOTE.
REPUBLICANS DIVIDED.
IT'S GOING TO MOVE AHEAD.
WHAT DOES THAT ALL THIS
MEAN.
HOW DID IT HAPPEN?
>> I WOULD SAY THE THEME OF
THE WEEK, GIVEN THE ILLUSION
THAT WE LIVE IN A
FUNCTIONING DEMOCRACY WHERE
THINGS PASS, WHERE THINGS
MOVE AHEAD.
AND THAT -- NOT EVERYBODY IS
HAPPY BUT THERE IS GOING TO
BE I A VOTE.
THERE GOING TO BE A DEBATE.
I THINK THERE IS A
REASONABLY GOOD CHANCE, THAT
SOMETHING SIGNIFICANT WILL
GET THROUGH THE HOUSE.
-- EXCUSE ME, THROUGH THE
SENATE AND GO OVER TO THE
HOUSE.
AND THAT WILL INCLUDE SOME
BACKGROUND CHECKS, NOT ON
EVERYTHING BUT ON SOME OF
THE COMMERCIAL TRANSACTION.
IT WILL INCLUDE A
SIGNIFICANT MENTAL HEALTH
ELEMENT WHICH I THINK HAS
BEEN OVERLOOKED IT WILL
INCLUDE SOME OF THE GUN
TRAFFICKING LAWS.
SO IT'S NOT WHAT THE GUN
CONTROL PEOPLE WANTED.
THERE'S SOME OF THE PRIVATE
TRANSACTIONS, WILL PROBABLY
BE LEFT OUT.
BUT IT WILL PASS, I THINK
THE SENATE, WITH SIGNIFICANT
REPUBLICAN SUPPORT, PUT
REASONABLE PRESSURE ON THE
HOUSE AND I WOULD SAY THERE
IS A BETTER THAN 5050 CHANCE
THAT A LAW IS SIGNED.
NOT MUCH BETTER THAN 5050
BUT A LITTLE BETTER.
>> Woodruff: MARK, HOW DID
THIS HAPPEN.
ENOUGH REPUBLICANS MOVED
OVER AND VOTED WITH THE
DEMOCRATS TO LET THIS MOVE
AHEAD, AT LEAST TO DEBATE.
>> SEVERAL THINGS HAPPENED,
JUDY.
FIRST OF ALL, WE GOT TRULY A
BIPARTISAN PAIR OF SENATORS,
JOE MANSION, DEMOCRAT FROM
WEST VIRGINIA, INCREASINGLY
RED STATE, NRA MEMBER AND
PAT TOOMEY, A CARD-CARRYING
AUTHENTIC CONSERVATIVE FROM
PENNSYLVANIA.
PAT TOOMEY WHO CHALLENGED
ARLEN SPECTER IN 2004 TO THE
POINT WHERE RICK SANTORUM
AND GEORGE W. BUSH BOTH
CAMPAIGNED FOR ARLEN
SPECTER.
HE WAS THAT MUCH OF A
CONSERVATIVE, FOUNDED
THE-- FOUNDER OF THE CLUB
FOR GROWTH.
AND THERE IS A LIGHT THAT
HE'S INVOLVED.
THE LIGHT IS THAT
REPUBLICANS ARE GOING TO BE
FACING THE PROSPECT OF
VOTING AGAINST EVEN DEBATING
A IL WHICH INVOLVES
BACKGROUND CHECKS.
NOW HAVING-- IS THERE
ANYTHING THAT IS MORE COMMON
SENSE CALL THAN BACKGROUND
CHECKS.
AND YOU ARE GOING TO GO OUT
TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE,
ESPECIALLY WOMEN VOTERS,
SUBURBAN VOTERS AND SAY
WE'RE AGAINST BACKGROUND
CHECKS WITH.
WE DON'T CARE IF SOMEONE HAS
BEEN ACCUSED AND CONVICTED
OF SPOUSAL ABUSE.
WE DON'T CARE IF SOMEONE IS
CONVICTED OF ASSAULT AND
TTERBAY.
AND THAT'S GOING TO INTRUDE
ON THEIR PRIVACY THAT KIND
OF SCRUTINY.
THAT WAS THE LIGHT.
THE HEAT IS THAT IN THE
COUNTIES OF PHILADELPHIA,
CHESTER, DELAWARE, BUCKS AND
MONTGOMERIE.
>> Woodruff: TOOMEY IS FROM
PENNSYLVANIA.
>> THAT REPUBLICANS WILL GET
MURDERED.
WHERE RICK SANTORUM LOST TO
BOBBY CASEY.
WHERE BARACK OBAMA CARRIED
BOTH TIMES AND THOSE ARE SU
SUR-- SUBURBAN VOTER, WOMEN
VOTER, PEOPLE WHO CARE ABOUT
GUN CONTROL.
AND I THINK THAT HE DID THE
REPUBLICANS A GREAT SERVICE.
AND THE OTHER THING, JUDY,
YOU CANNOT IGNORE, IS THAT
NEWTOWN FAMILIES, THE
FAMILIES OF THOSE PEOPLE,
COMING DOWN.
THEY PUT A FACE ON THIS.
THIS ISN'T A PIECE OF
LEGISLATION.
THEY SAT THERE, AND THEY
TALKED TO SENATORS.
AND IT JUST BECAME
IMPOSSIBLE TO VOTE AGAINST
IT.
>> IS THAT WHY OTHER
REPUBLICANS JOINED WITH
THEM?
>> YEAH, I THINK SO I THINK
THE SUBURBANIZATION, MY
FAVORITE NEWSPAPER WROTE A
STORY ABOUT THIS THE LAST
COUPLE OF DAYS.
THE SUBURBANIZATION, THE
EFFECT ON FAMILIES.
AND BECAUSE IT WAS MANSION
AND TOOMEY, IT WAS NOT A
BUNCH OF EAST COASTLIBE RALS
TELLING THE REST OF THE
COUNTRY WHAT TO DO.
SOME OF THE CULTURAL
ELEMENTS OF THIS, WHICH IS
ALWAYS-- .
>> Woodruff: WEST VIRGINIA.
>> CENTRAL PENNSYLVANIA, TWO
BIG HUNTING STATES.
AND SO IT FELT A LITTLE MORE
COMFORTABLE.
AND I HAVE TO SAY ONE LITTLE
POLITICAL REASON WHY
REPUBLICANS WANTED TO COME
UP FOR A VOTE, IT'S AN
UNCOMFORTABLE VOTE FOR A LOT
OF RED STATE DEMOCRATS.
AND THEY DID NOT WANT THOSE
RED STATE DEMOCRATS TO NOT
HAVE TO VOTE ON THAT.
SO THERE WAS A SMALL
POLITICAL ELEMENT BUT I
UNDERLINED WHAT MARK SAID
ABOUT THE FAMILIES.
>> Woodruff: SHOCKED THAT
THERE IS A POLITICAL ELEMENT
IN ANY OF THIS.
BUT MARK, WHAT DOES IT MEAN
IN TERMS OF THE SUBSTANCE OF
GUN CONTROL.
>> I THINK ONCE THE GENIE
SOUTH OF THE BOTTLE, I THINK
IT'S ON THE FLOOR.
I THINK LITERALLY EVERY
PIECE OF LEGISLATION HAS A
DYNAMIC UNTO ITSELF.
I THINK WHAT DAVID SAID IN
THE BACKGROUND CHEX, I AM
CONFIDENT ON THAT.
I AM CONFIDENT ON GUN
TRAFFICKING.
THAT THERE WILL BE ADAPTED --
>>.
>> WE'LL HAVE A REAL CHANCE
AT SOME OF THE TOUGHER
POSITIONS IN THE
LEGISLATE-- LEGISLATION.
I THINK WE'LL GET A NEURO
BACKGROUND AND I THINK, YOU
KNOW, THE MAGAZINE VOTE, I
THINK THERE WILL BE A VOTE
ON IT.
I THINK THE SCHEDULE, I
DON'T KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN.
BUT I FEEL SO MUCH BETTER
THAN I DID A WEEK AGO.
AT THE PROSPECTS.
>> THE PRESIDENT ROLLED OUT
HIS BUDGET PROPOSAL FOR NEXT
YEAR, DAVID.
IT SEEMED LIKE AS MANY
DEMOCRATS ARE UP SET WITH
HIM AS THERE ARE REPUBLICANS,
WHAT IS ALL, WHAT IS ALL
THIS MEAN AND WHAT DO YOU
MAKE OF IT?
>> I GIVE HIM CREDIT FOR
SOMETHING.
-- HE DOES HAVE SOME SMALL
SOCIAL SECURITY REFORM, CPI
WHICH IS PART OF BENEFIT CUT,
PART OF BIG TAX INCREASE.
HE DOES DO SOME THINGS THAT
ARE BRAVE.
I THINK HE STILL DOES SOME
SMALL THINGS IN THE RIGHT
DIRECTION.
WHAT HE DOESN'T DO IS ALTER
THE FUNDAMENTAL TRAJECTORY
OF BUDGET POLITICS WHICH IS
THAT MONEY FOR THE
ENTITLEMENT PROGRAMS, GOING
TO SENIOR CITIZENS, IS GOING
UP AND UP AND UP.
AND DOMESTIC DISCRETIONARY
SPENDING WHICH IS THE STUFF
ON EDUCATION, WELFARE, THE
STUFF THAT HELPS SOCIAL
MOBILITY, REDUCING EQUALITY,
THAT WILL BE WITHIN 10 YEARS
WILL BE BELOW WHEREVER IT
WAS UNDER REAGAN, UNDER THE
BUSHES, UNDER NIXON.
IT WILL BE BACK TO
EISENHOWER LEVELS.
AND SO I THINK THAT-- I WISH
THE PRESIDENT WOULD ALTER
THAT FUNDAMENTAL TRAJECTORY
SO HE HAD A LITTLE LESSEN
TITLEMENT MONEY, A LOT MORE
DISCRETIONARY MONEY AND
LOWER DEFICITS.
BECAUSE THE SINGLE BRIGGEST
ITEM WILL BE INTEREST
PAYMENTS ON THE DEBT.
SO I SALUTE HIM FOR DOING
THE RIGHT THING.
IN SMALL WAYS.
BUT HE STILL HASN'T ALTERED
THE DISASERTOUS FROM JECT
OTHER THE BUDGET IS ON.
>> I CAN'T ARGUE WITH
IN THE PAST TEN YEARS, THE
PERCENTAGE OF AMERICANS OVER
THE AGE OF 65, LIVING IN
POVERTY HAS DROPPED BY 20%.
THE PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN
UNDER THE AGE OF 18 LIVING
IN POVERTY HAS GROWN BY 30%.
AND IT DOES SAY SOMETHING
ABOUT ANY SOCIETY'S VALUES
WHERE THEY DO SPEND THEIR
MONEY, ARE THEY BUILDI
FUTURE.
AND I DON'T THINK THERE IS
ANY QUESTION THAT IT IS
DISPROPORTIONATE NOW.
OUR RESOURCES GO TOWARDS THE
ELDERLY RATHER THAN TOWARD
THE YOUNG AND CHILDREN AND
BUILDING BETTER LIVES FOR
THEM.
I THINK WHAT HE DID WAS
GUTSY.
ANY TIME YOU MAKE YOUR OWN
BASE THAT ANGRY, AS HE
OBVIOUSLY HAS DONE.
LAST FALL THE REPUBLICAN
SENATE LEADERS SAID ABOUT
ITS CHANGE OF CPI AND MEANS
TESTING FOR MEDICARE
RECIPIENTS, THAT THESE ARE
THE KINDS OF THINGS THAT
WOULD GET REPUBLICANS
INTERESTED IN REVENUE.
WELL, PRESIDENT OBAMA IS
DOING THAT.
AND THERE SEEMS TO BE
PRECIOUS LITTLE INTEREST IN
REVENUES ON THEIR PART.
BUT SO I THINK HE-- I THINK
HE GETS CREDIT AND SHOULD
GET CREDIT FOR DOING
SOMETHING BOLD AND DIFFICULT
AND ANY TIME YOU MAKE YOUR
OWN BASE ANGRY, YOU'RE
PROBABLY DOING SOMETHING
THAT IS WORTHY.
>> Woodruff: IT SOUNDS LIKE
ARE YOU GIVING HIM MORE
CREDIT THAN DAVID IS.
>> I PROBABLY AM.
BUT IT'S FRIDAY AND I'M
GENTLE.
>> I'M HOSTILE.
I GIVE HIM CREDIT TOO.
THERE WAS A MOVE TO THE
CENTER.
IT CERTAINLY DISPROVES THE
NOTION MARK MADE THAT THAT
HE IS A NORWEGIAN SOCIALIST.
-- SOCIALIST.
HE'S NOT.
>> Woodruff: YOU MEAN THE
PRESIDENT NORWEGIAN.
>I WO> ULDN'T GO TO FINISH,
THEY RCH WORSE.
>> THERE YOU GO.
>>> WHILE WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT AT LEAST WE WERE ON
GUN KRORBLTION THE PARTIES
MAY BE WORKING TOGETHER,
BIPARTISAN IMMIGRATION DEAL,
DAVID, LOOKS LIKE IT MAY BE
ANNOUNCED IN THE NEXT FEW
DAYS, MARCO RUBIO, THE
SENATOR FROM FLORIDA IS
GOING TO BE OUT ON
TELEVISION OVER THE WEEKEND.
DOES THIS LOOK LIKE IT MAY
BE HAPPENING?
>>.
>> YEAH S SO THIS IS THE
BEST NEWS OF ALL.
I THINK THEY MADE PROGRESS
ON GUNS.
MODERATE PROGRESS ON THE
BUDGET.
BUT ITS IMMIGRATION IS JUST
SURE-- IF YOU ARE FOR
COMPREHENSIVE REFORM, A
SHEER WIN.
THERE IS THE GANG OF EIGHT,
USUALLY THEY FALL APART,
CAN'T MAKE AGREEMENT.
THIS GANG PRODUCED SOMETHING
IN PARTS BECAUSE THEY HAVE
PEOPLE THAT HAVE BEEN
THROUGH IT ITS LAST TIME
LIKE McCAIN, LINDSAY GRAHAM,
CHUK SCHUMER.
IN PART THEY HAVE PRODUCTIVE
NEWCOMERS.
SO ITS ADMINISTRATION IS
GIVING THEM SPACE.
AND THEY'RE COMING OUT WITH
A BILL WHICH I THINK HAS GOT
BORDER SECURITY FOR THE
PEOPLE WHO CARE ABOUT THAT.
IT'S GOT A PATH TO
CITIZENSHIP.
IT'S GOT A SHIFT TOWARDS
SKILL WHICH IS WHAT WE NEED
FOR ITS ECONOMY.
IT'S NOT JUST A SMALL PIECE
OF LEGISLATION.
IT'S A PRETTY ROBUST PIECE
IT'S IMPRESSIVE.
OF LEGISLATION.
>> Woodruff: IMPRESS SNIFF.
IT'S IMPRESSIVE.
>> IT IS IMPRESSIVE.
>> Woodruff: IMPRESS SNIFF.
I CAN'T ARGUE WITH DAVID.
>> IT IS IMPRESSIVE.
I WOULD JUST SAY THERE IS
I CAN'T ARGUE WITH DAVID.
SOME ARITHMETIC HERE
I WOULD JUST SAY THERE IS
INVOLVED.
SOME ARITHMETIC HERE
I MEAN IT'S NOT SIMPLY THE
INVOLVED.
REALIZATION ON THE PART OF
I MEAN IT'S NOT SIMPLY THE
REPUBLICANS, WITH THE
REALIZATION ON THE PART OF
EXCEPTION OF THOSE WHO WERE
REPUBLICANS, WITH THE
HERE WHEN COLUMBUS ARRIVED
EXCEPTION OF THOSE WHO WERE
AND THOSE WHO WERE BROUGHT
HERE WHEN COLUMBUS ARRIVED
HERE AGAINST THEIR WILL IN
AND THOSE WHO WERE BROUGHT
CHAINS.
HERE AGAINST THEIR WILL IN
THAT EVERY PERSON SHOULD
CHAINS.
CASH THEMSELVES AN IMMIGRANT
THAT EVERY PERSON SHOULD
AS A DIRECT DESCENDANT OF
CASH THEMSELVES AN IMMIGRANT
IMMIGRANTS.
AS A DIRECT DESCENDANT OF
THIS THAT HAS COME TRUE TO
IMMIGRANTS.
REPUBLICANS AT THIS POINT.
THIS THAT HAS COME TRUE TO
BUT IT IS A MAP, JUDY, INDEX
REPUBLICANS AT THIS POINT.
ORABLE MATH.
BUT IT IS A MAP, JUDY, INDEX
IN 2008 BARACK OBAMA CAR
ORABLE MATH.
EEDZ THE LATINO VOTE BY A
IN 2008 BARACK OBAMA CAR
LITTLE OVER 2-1.
EEDZ THE LATINO VOTE BY A
BY ALMOST 3-1 IN 2012.
LITTLE OVER 2-1.
MORE IMPORTANT, EVEN THAN
BY ALMOST 3-1 IN 2012.
THAT, IS ALL FOREIGN-BORN
MORE IMPORTANT, EVEN THAN
AMERICANS ARE THOSE WHO COME
THAT, IS ALL FOREIGN-BORN
FROM FIRST GENERATION, FEEL
AMERICANS ARE THOSE WHO COME
LESS AND LESS WARMLY TOWARD
FROM FIRST GENERATION, FEEL
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
LESS AND LESS WARMLY TOWARD
BARACK OBAMA CARRIED
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
VIRGINIA AND MITT ROMNEY
BARACK OBAMA CARRIED
LOST VIRGINIA BECAUSE OF THE
VIRGINIA AND MITT ROMNEY
ASIAN AMERICANS.
LOST VIRGINIA BECAUSE OF THE
UPSCALE, HIGHER EDUCATED,
ASIAN AMERICANS.
ALL THE REST OF IT.
UPSCALE, HIGHER EDUCATED,
THEY SEE A XENOPHOBIC
ALL THE REST OF IT.
REPUBLICAN PARTY THAT SAYS
THEY SEE A XENOPHOBIC
HOSTILE THINGS ABOUT PEOPLE
REPUBLICAN PARTY THAT SAYS
WHO AREN'T 110% AMERICAN.
HOSTILE THINGS ABOUT PEOPLE
>> Woodruff: YOU ARE SAYING
WHO AREN'T 110% AMERICAN.
THE ELECTION HAS
>> Woodruff: YOU ARE SAYING
CONCENTRATESED THE LINE.
THE ELECTION HAS
>> I DON'T
CONCENTRATESED THE LINE.
THINK-- REPUBLICANS IN ORDER
>> I DON'T
TO BE COMPETITIVE WITH
THINK-- REPUBLICANS IN ORDER
NONWHITE AMERICAN VOTERS
TO BE COMPETITIVE WITH
HAVE TO BECOME CREDIBLE ON
NONWHITE AMERICAN VOTERS
IMMIGRATION.
HAVE TO BECOME CREDIBLE ON
I THINK THAT CONTRIBUTES TO
IMMIGRATION.
IT.
I THINK THAT CONTRIBUTES TO
YES, JOHN McCAIN AND LINDSAY
IT.
GRAHAM AND OTHERS HAVE, YOU
YES, JOHN McCAIN AND LINDSAY
KNOW, BEEN THERE AND BEEN
GRAHAM AND OTHERS HAVE, YOU
THERE IN THE PAST.
KNOW, BEEN THERE AND BEEN
BUT I MEJ THAT'S WHY I THINK
THERE IN THE PAST.
THIS IS SO IMPORTANT FOR
BUT I MEJ THAT'S WHY I THINK
REPUBLICANS.
THIS IS SO IMPORTANT FOR
BUT IT'S OBVIOUSLY A LOT
REPUBLICANS.
MORE IMPORTANT FOR THE
BUT IT'S OBVIOUSLY A LOT
COUNTRY.
MORE IMPORTANT FOR THE
>> Woodruff: FINAL COMMENT I
COUNTRY.
WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE
>> Woodruff: FINAL COMMENT I
DEATH OF PARG RECEIPT
WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE
THATCHER THIS WEEK.
DEATH OF PARG RECEIPT
SHE OBVIOUSLY LEAVES A
THATCHER THIS WEEK.
LEGACY, STRONG FEELINGS ON
SHE OBVIOUSLY LEAVES A
BOTH SIDES OF THE IDEA
LEGACY, STRONG FEELINGS ON
LOGICAL SPECTRUM, DAVID?
BOTH SIDES OF THE IDEA
>> WELL, BEFORE MARGARET
LOGICAL SPECTRUM, DAVID?
THATCHER YOU COULD SAY
>> WELL, BEFORE MARGARET
HISTORY SEEMED TO BE HEADED
THATCHER YOU COULD SAY
TOWARDS SWEDISH SOCIALISM,
HISTORY SEEMED TO BE HEADED
BACK TO THAT.
TOWARDS SWEDISH SOCIALISM,
AFTER-- .
BACK TO THAT.
>> Woodruff: NORWEGIAN.
AFTER-- .
>> I'M VERY SCANDINAVIAN
>> Woodruff: NORWEGIAN.
TODAY.
>> I'M VERY SCANDINAVIAN
SO SHE SHIFTED HISTORY,
TODAY.
WHERE WE THOUGHT WE WERE
SO SHE SHIFTED HISTORY,
GOING.
WHERE WE THOUGHT WE WERE
THE SECRETARY THING IS SHE
GOING.
INTRODUCED A SORT OF WORKING
THE SECRETARY THING IS SHE
CLASS CONSERVATISM.
INTRODUCED A SORT OF WORKING
SO SHE WAS IN THE ONLY
CLASS CONSERVATISM.
REBELLING AGAINST THE LABOR
SO SHE WAS IN THE ONLY
UNIONS IN THE BRITISH LEFT
REBELLING AGAINST THE LABOR
BUT ALSO AGAINST THE TORIES,
UNIONS IN THE BRITISH LEFT
THE ARISTOCRATIC SIDE OF THE
BUT ALSO AGAINST THE TORIES,
TORY PARTY ON THE RIGHT.
THE ARISTOCRATIC SIDE OF THE
AND SO SHE STOOD FOR A SORT
TORY PARTY ON THE RIGHT.
OF WORKING CLASS
AND SO SHE STOOD FOR A SORT
CONSERVATISM-- CONSERVATISM,
OF WORKING CLASS
A SORT OF LIKE OUR REAGAN
CONSERVATISM-- CONSERVATISM,
DEMOCRATS, SO THAT IS PART
A SORT OF LIKE OUR REAGAN
OF HER LEGACY.
DEMOCRATS, SO THAT IS PART
>> SHE WAS A
OF HER LEGACY.
NON-- CONSERVATIVE.
>> SHE WAS A
THEY ALL SEEMED A LITTLE
NON-- CONSERVATIVE.
INBRED.
THEY ALL SEEMED A LITTLE
>> Woodruff: SOME, NOT ALL.
INBRED.
>> AND SHE REALLY-- SHE WAS
>> Woodruff: SOME, NOT ALL.
CRUCIAL, AS IMPORTANT AS LOU
>> AND SHE REALLY-- SHE WAS
CANON PUT IT WELL, AS
CRUCIAL, AS IMPORTANT AS LOU
IMPORTANT AS WINSTON
CANON PUT IT WELL, AS
CHURCHILL WAS TO FRANKLIN
IMPORTANT AS WINSTON
ROOSEVELT, SHE WAS EVEN MORE
CHURCHILL WAS TO FRANKLIN
IMPORTANT TO RONALD REAGAN.
ROOSEVELT, SHE WAS EVEN MORE
AND SHE GAVE THE CREDENTIAL
IMPORTANT TO RONALD REAGAN.
ON GORBACHEV, ENDING THE
AND SHE GAVE THE CREDENTIAL
COLD WAR, THIS IS A MAN WE
ON GORBACHEV, ENDING THE
CAN DO BUSINESS WITH.
COLD WAR, THIS IS A MAN WE
AT THE SAME TIME AS LOU
CAN DO BUSINESS WITH.
POINTED OUT SHE GAVE
AT THE SAME TIME AS LOU
COVERAGE TO REAGAN AMONG
POINTED OUT SHE GAVE
CONSERVATIVES ONCE HE
COVERAGE TO REAGAN AMONG
STARTSED TO REACH OUT.
CONSERVATIVES ONCE HE
AND SO I THINK IN THAT SENSE,
STARTSED TO REACH OUT.
AND BOTH OF THEM, BOTH
AND SO I THINK IN THAT SENSE,
REAGAN AND THATCHER,
AND BOTH OF THEM, BOTH
REMEMBER THIS, THEY WERE
REAGAN AND THATCHER,
SUCCEEDED BY LEADERS-- WHO CHANN
REMEMBER THIS, THEY WERE
PARTIES, TO SUCCEED THEM.
SUCCEEDED BY LEADERS-- WHO CHANN
I MEAN TONY BLAIR AND BILL
PARTIES, TO SUCCEED THEM.
CLINTON.
I MEAN TONY BLAIR AND BILL
SO I MEAN THEY BOTH LEFT
CLINTON.
LONG SHADOWS.
SO I MEAN THEY BOTH LEFT
>> Woodruff: WELL, THE TWO
LONG SHADOWS.
OF YOU LEAVE NOTHING BUT
>> Woodruff: WELL, THE TWO
POSITIVE VIBES.
OF YOU LEAVE NOTHING BUT
>> EXCEPT IN SCANDINAVIA.
POSITIVE VIBES.
>> I APOLOGIZE TO THE DANISH
>> EXCEPT IN SCANDINAVIA.
SOCIALS.
>> I APOLOGIZE TO THE DANISH
>> EVERY SCANDINAVIAN PERSON,
SOCIALS.
MY WIFE IS NORWEGIAN.
>> EVERY SCANDINAVIAN PERSON,
>> Woodruff: MARK SHIELD,
MY WIFE IS NORWEGIAN.
DAVID BROOKS, THANK YOU.
>> Woodruff: MARK SHIELD,
>> Brown: FINALLY TONIGHT,
DAVID BROOKS, THANK YOU.
REMEMBERING JONATHAN WINTERS,
>> Brown: FINALLY TONIGHT,
A MASTER OF COMEDY.
REMEMBERING JONATHAN WINTERS,
>> HAVE YOU EVER UNDRESSED IN
A MASTER OF COMEDY.
FRONT OF A DOG?
>> HAVE YOU EVER UNDRESSED IN
(LAUGHTER)
FRONT OF A DOG?
>> Brown: JONATHAN WINTERS
(LAUGHTER)
PERFORMED HIS PIONEERING BRAND
>> Brown: JONATHAN WINTERS
OF IMPROVISATIONAL COMEDY FOR
PERFORMED HIS PIONEERING BRAND
NEARLY FIVE DECADES.
OF IMPROVISATIONAL COMEDY FOR
IN THE PROCESS, HE INSPIRED A
NEARLY FIVE DECADES.
SERIES OF STARS WHO FOLLOWED
IN THE PROCESS, HE INSPIRED A
HIM, FROM BILLY CRYSTAL TO ROBIN
SERIES OF STARS WHO FOLLOWED
WILLIAMS TO JIM CARREY,
HIM, FROM BILLY CRYSTAL TO ROBIN
WITH A MADCAP ABILITY TO
WILLIAMS TO JIM CARREY,
TRANSFORM INTO A MULTITUDE OF
WITH A MADCAP ABILITY TO
CHARACTERS.
TRANSFORM INTO A MULTITUDE OF
BORN IN DTON,AY OHIO, WINTERS
CHARACTERS.
STUDIED PAINTING AND LATER
BORN IN DTON,AY OHIO, WINTERS
SERVED IN THE MARINE CORPS IN
STUDIED PAINTING AND LATER
THE SOUTH PACIFIC DURING WORLD
SERVED IN THE MARINE CORPS IN
WAR TWO.
THE SOUTH PACIFIC DURING WORLD
>> COME ON TIGER, I KNOW YOU'RE
WAR TWO.
DOWN THERE.
>> COME ON TIGER, I KNOW YOU'RE
(GUNSHOTS)
DOWN THERE.
WELL, WE KNOW ONE THING-- HE'S
(GUNSHOTS)
ARMED.
WELL, WE KNOW ONE THING-- HE'S
>> Brown: HE BROKE ONTO THE
ARMED.
NATIONAL ENTERTAINMENT SCENE IN
THE 1950s, AND THE EARLY DAYS OF
TELEVISION, OFTEN APPEARING ON
"THE STEVE ALLEN SHOW."
>> THE ONE AND ONLY, JONATHAN
WINTERS.
>> Brown: AND LATER, FREQUENTED
"THE TONIGHT SHOW."
BEFORE EVENTUALLY LANDING HIS
OWN VARIETY PROGRAM.
WINTERS ALSO APPEARED ON THE BIG
SCREEN, NOTABLY IN THE 1963
COMEDY, "IT'S A MAD, MAD, MAD,
MAD, WORLD."
>> NOW FELLAS, YOU KEEP THIS UP
I'M GOING TO GET SORE.
>> Brown: BUT WITH SUCCESS CAME
A STRUGGLE WITH DEPRESSION AND
DRINKING, AND WINTERS HAD
HIMSELF HOSPITALIZED FOR EIGHT
MONTHS IN THE EARLY 1960s.
IN 1981, HE CAME BACK TO
TELEVISION AND A NEW GENERATION
OF FANS IN THE COMEDY SERIES
"MORK AND MINDY" STARRING ROBIN
WILLIAMS.
18 YEARS LATER, IN 1999, WINTERS
BECAME THE SECOND RECIPIENT OF
THE KENNEDY CENTER'S ANNUAL MARK
TWAIN PRIZE FOR AMERICAN HUMOR.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
IT'S JUST, I THOUGHT THE HEAD
WOULD BE BIGGER.
I'VE PLAYED GOOD-SIZED PADS
BEFORE, BUT NOT ANYTHING THIS
BIG.
I MEAN, LOOK HOW HIGH THE
CHANDELIERS ARE, AND MY WIFE
SAID, COULD WE GET ONE?
>> Brown: HIS "MORK AND MINDY"
COSTAR WAS THERE TO PAY TRIBUTE
TO THE MAN HE CALLED HIS IDOL.
>> FOR ME, HE WAS THE GUY THAT I
SAW MAKE MY FATHER LAUGH, AND I
WENT, GOD THAT MUST BE AMAZING,
BECAUSE MY FATHER WAS TAD STERN
>> Brown: THE DAY AFTER BEING
HONORED, WINTERS SPOKE TO JIM
LEHRER, AND RECALLED HIS
PENCHANT FOR COMEDY GREW OUT OF
HIS CHILDHOOD.
>> WELL, I WAS AN ONLY CHILD.
I DON'T SAY THAT WITH, YOU KNOW,
LITTLE TEARS.
MOTHER AND DAD DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
ME.
I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND THEM.
SO CONSEQUENTLY, IT WAS A
STRANGE KIND OF ARRANGEMENT.
THEY DIDN'T UNDERSTAND ME.
AND I'D BE IN MY ROOM.
BEING AN ONLY CHILD, I'D TALK TO
MYSELF, INTERVIEW MYSELF.
I WOULD BE A GENERAL.
I WOULD BE A WAR HERO OR
SOMETHING, WHATEVER I WANTED TO
BE.
AND IT WAS ALWAYS, "WHAT IS HE
DOING IN THERE?"
AND I-- SO I DECIDED, HEY, I WAS
WORKING ALONE; MAYBE I OUGHT TO
TRY SOMETHING IN THE SCHOOLYARD.
>> Brown: JONATHAN WINTERS DIED
OVERNHT AIGT HIS HOME NEAR LOS
ANGELES.
HE WAS 87 YEARS OLD.
>> Woodruff: HEAR WHAT WINTERS
HAD TO SAY ABOUT THE VALUE OF
LAUGHTER AND MORE, ONLINE, WHERE
YOU CAN WATCH JIM'S FULL
INTERVIEW.
AND AGAIN, THE OTHER MAJOR
DEVELOPMENTS
OF THE DAY:
SECRETARY OF STATE JOHN KERRY
WAS IN SOUTH KOREA, PRESSING THE
NORTH NOT TO CONDUCT ANOTHER
MISSILE TEST.
AND THE U.S. IMPOSED FINANCIAL
SANCTIONS AND VISA BANS ON 18
RUSSIANS ACCUSED OF HUMAN RIGHTS
ABUSES.
MOSCOW THREATENED TO RETALIATE.
>> Brown: THE SEQUESTER AFFECTS
MANY DIFFERENT SECTORS OF
GOVERNMENT AND COMMERCE.
BUT HOW DOES IT IMPACT THE ART
WORLD?
KWAME HOLMAN TELLS US MORE ON
OUR ONLINE COVERAGE.
>> Holman: ROBERT LYNCH, HEAD OF
THE ADVOCACY GROUP AMERICANS FOR
THE ARTS TALKS TO JEFF ABOUT HOW
SEQUESTRATION IS AFFECTING ARTS
FUNDING.
FIND THAT ON ART BEAT.
RAY SUAREZ REFLECTS ON THE
PASSING OF POLARIZING FIGURE
MARGARET THATCHER AND HIS
EXPERIENCE AS A REPORTER IN
LONDON DURING HER TIME AS PRIME
MINISTER.
PLUS, TONIGHT'S EDITION OF "NEED
TO KNOW" CONTINUES ITS REPORTING
FROM AMERICA'S MAIN STREETS WITH
A LOOK AT RECENT JOB GAINS IN
FINDLAY, OHIO AFTER DECADES OF
LOST MANUFACTURING.
FIND A LINK TO "NEED TO KNOW"
AND MUCH MORE ON OUR WEBSITE
newshour.pbs.org.
JUDY?
>> Woodruff: AND THAT'S THE
"NEWSHOUR" FOR TONIGHT.
ON MONDAY, WE'LL LOOK AT DETAILS
OF NEW DEAL ON IMMIGRATION IN
THE U.S. SENATE.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Brown: AND I'M JEFFREY BROWN.
"WASHINGTON WEEK" CAN BE SEEN
LATER THIS EVENING ON MOST
PBS STATIONS.
WE'LL SEE YOU ONLINE AND AGAIN
HERE MONDAY EVENING.
HAVE A NI WEECEKEND.
THANK YOU AND GOOD NIGHT.